hey guys we're dude perfect today we're
teaming up with Brodie Smith we do
basketball and I do frisbee let's do it
Wow
yes the frozen rope shot
21 frozen rope give me a real challenge
Oh
on the chest
got it
together
he's taunted me
Oh
haha
get in
what I'm rolling she got disabled with
Frisco starting new
I dedicate this to the Hardy Boys the
ones that solved mysteries yeah thanks
for you boys I dedicate this at some of
my fair ghost girl
twin cross you may hear some birds in
the background they're loud but not as
loud as a squeaky chair shot take this
Brody spent 21 screech a shot please oh
and swear play them to trespass to the
elbow j stockton y amor hey Nico skip
that raid the frisbee toss let's rock
nice for today
this is the trampoline bomber
hey pandas good all right now so that's
good
I